# MetaEd IDE License Agreement

Copyright © 2023, Ed-Fi Alliance, LLC.

(Clickthrough Agreement — Executable code)

By downloading Licensed Materials from the Licensor, you agree to and accept the
following terms and conditions. If you do not agree with such terms and
conditions do not download the software. This License Agreement (“Agreement”) is
between the Ed-Fi Alliance, LLC (“Licensor”), with an address at P.O. Box
161508, Austin, Texas 78716, , a Texas limited liability company exempt from
federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (“Code”) and the entity employing, or otherwise represented by, the
downloading user. (“Licensee”). The Agreement is effective as of the date of
such acceptance (“Effective Date”).

WHEREAS, Licensor is an organization committed to improving student achievement
in the K-12 sector through the creation of tools that extract student
information and then standardizes, integrates and communicates it through
Web-based dashboards, reports and other applications; and

WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to license the Licensed Materials (as defined herein),
which have been created for public use and
benefit, and are owned by Licensor in furtherance of its charitable mission; and

WHEREAS, Licensor wishes to make the Licensed Materials available to others
through a license arrangement so that the Licensed Materials can be used for the
public good and for goals related to improving childhood education, all on the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises and covenants herein,
and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

## 1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 “Derivative Works” shall mean any substantive and material modifications,
adaptations, enhancements, improvements, or any other type of change to the
Licensed Materials that is created or developed by or on behalf of the Licensee.
For the avoidance of doubt, Derivative Works are defined in relation to
“Licensed Materials” which are those components described or made accessible to
Licensee now or at a later date. Accordingly, any derivative works of such
components so described or made accessible to Licensee at a prior date (i.e.,
prior versions of the Licensed Materials that are no longer being distributed)
are not considered “Derivative Works” within the meaning of this definition for
the purposes of this Agreement.

1.2 “Intellectual Property” means any and all known or hereinafter existing
worldwide copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, uniform resource
locators, trade dress, brand features, know-how, moral rights, contract rights
and other proprietary rights of any type under the laws of any applicable
government authority, including, without limitation, all applications, renewals,
extensions, registrations and combinations of the foregoing.

1.3 “Licensed Marks” means those trademarks identified in the Brand and
Trademark Guidelines, as well as Licensor's name, logo, and any trade names,
trademarks, service marks or other proprietary designations of Licensor
(including any contraction, abbreviation, or simulation of any of the
foregoing), whether such rights accrue through common law or statute, together
with any rights arising out of applications to register any of the foregoing.

1.4 “Licensed Materials” means the components of an educational performance
management system described at www.ed-fi.org/licensed_materials and/or
components made accessible to Licensee at
https://github.com/organizations/Ed-Fi-Alliance, now or at a later date, and the
data standard and associated software, source code and systems specifications
available through the uniform resource locators set forth therein (collectively,
the “Ed-Fi Solution”), as such technology exists as of the Effective Date and
thereafter, together with all graphics, logos, button icons, images,
information, data, forms, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics,
music, sounds, software, source code and other materials incorporated therein.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and for the avoidance of doubt, any Licensed
Materials which are, or become subject to, an open source license shall be
governed by that license when accepted according to its terms.

1.5 “Permitted Use” means any charitable, educational, or other similar use that
results in a public benefit.

1.6 “Brand and Trademark Guidelines” means the Ed-Fi Alliance Brand and
Trademark Guidelines as in effect from time to time and available for download
at www.ed-fi.org.

## 2. LICENSE GRANT

2.1 License Grant. Provided that Licensee complies with the terms, conditions
and provisions hereof, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
revocable, non-transferable, nonassignable, sublicensable (as set forth in
Section 3.2 below), paid-up, royalty-free license for the term of this Agreement
to use, modify, create Derivative Works of, and translate the Licensed Materials
solely for the Permitted Use. Except for the limited license rights granted
herein, Licensor reserves to itself all right, title and interest in and to the
Licensed Marks.

## 3. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS AND LIMITATIONS

3.1 Restrictions. Licensee acknowledges that Licensee's use of the Licensed
Materials is limited to the scope of the license granted under Section 2.1 and
that this Agreement does not permit Licensee to use the Licensed Materials other
than as provided herein. Without Licensor's prior written consent, Licensee
shall not:

  a. knowingly or negligently permit other individuals or entities to use or
  copy the Licensed Materials or the Derivative Works except in strict
  accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or

  b. sublicense, rent, lease, grant a security interest in, or otherwise
  transfer rights to the Licensed Materials or the Derivative Works except as
  specifically permitted herein; or

  c. assert, in any manner, any ownership interest in the Licensed Materials or
  the Derivative Works, or take any action which conflicts with Licensor's
  ownership of all Intellectual Property rights relating the Licensed Materials
  or the Derivative Works; or

  d. represent to any third party that Licensor in any way warrants, certifies,
  or guarantees the Licensed Materials or the Derivative Works; or

  e. request or collect any compensation or remuneration of any sort or form for
  the use of the Licensed Materials; provided, however, that this subsection
  3.1(e) shall not prevent or restrict Licensee from requesting or collecting
  any compensation or remuneration of any sort or form for the use of any
  Derivative Work; or

  f. make any representation, orally or in writing, to any other party which
  suggests or implies that Licensor is affiliated with, sponsored by or endorsed
  by Licensee in any way or that Licensor endorses the Derivative Works.

3.2 Sublicensing. Licensee may sublicense its rights under this Agreement only
with the express prior written notice to Licensor. Any sublicense granted by
Licensee shall be subject to the same terms and conditions of this Agreement
except that sublicensee shall be prohibited from granting further licenses. No
sublicense shall relieve Licensee of any of its obligations under this
Agreement. Licensee agrees to mail, at Licensor's address noted above, to
Licensor, a fully executed, complete, and accurate copy and translation thereof
written in the English language and original language (if written in a language
other than the English language) of each sublicense agreement it enters into
within ten (10) days after execution thereof.

3.3 Ownership of Licensed Materials. The Licensed Materials and any and all
modifications, bug fixes, updates and releases provided by Licensor, and all
worldwide Intellectual Property rights therein, are and shall remain the
exclusive property of Licensor. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that all
Intellectual Property rights of whatever nature in the Licensed Materials and
the source code relating to the Licensed Materials are and shall remain the
property of Licensor, and nothing in this Agreement should be construed as
transferring any aspects of such rights to Licensee or any third party.

3.4 Ownership of Derivative Works. Licensee hereby assigns all rights, title and
interest to Licensor in the Derivative Works, agrees to deliver the Derivative
Works to Licensor, and acknowledges and agrees that all Intellectual Property
rights of whatever nature in the Derivative Works are and shall remain the
property of Licensor, and nothing in this Agreement should be construed as
transferring any aspects of such rights to Licensee or any third party. Licensee
agrees to fully cooperate with Licensor in any of its efforts to seek
intellectual property protection of Derivative Works, and if Licensor is unable
to secure Licensee's signature needed in connection with such protection, hereby
irrevocably designates and appoints Licensor as its agent and attorney in fact,
which appointment is coupled with an interest, to act for and on Licensee's
behalf to execute documents and do all other lawfully permitted actions in
connection with such protection. Licensee shall have the right to use, copy,
display, reproduce, and commercially exploit the Derivative Works solely for a
Permitted Use and only after receiving authorization from Licensor as set forth
in Section 3.5.

3.5 Distribution of Derivative Works. Licensee shall not use, copy, display,
reproduce, or commercially exploit any Derivative Works without Licensor's
express prior written consent. Licensor's right to consent shall be limited to
its good faith determination that the intended use of the Derivative Work
constitutes a Permitted Use. Prior to developing and commercializing a
Derivative Work, Licensee shall mail, to Licensor's address noted above, a
description of Licensee's intended use on the form attached as Exhibit A (the
“Licensee's Notice”). Licensor shall have thirty (30) days from the date of its
receipt of Licensee's Notice to determine whether Licensee's intended use is a
Permitted Use. If Licensor determines that Licensee's intended use constitutes a
Permitted Use, or if Licensor fails to make such determination within said
thirty (30) day period, then Licensee may proceed with the development and
commercialization of the Derivative Work as described in the Licensee's Notice.

3.6 Markings & Attribution. Licensee shall not remove or alter any copyright
notice or proprietary rights notice contained in or generated by the Licensed
Materials. Licensee shall prominently display the following notice in all
Derivative Works: “Developed with technology provided by the Ed-Fi Alliance that
was created with support from the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation. Used under
license.”

3.7 Requests for Licensee Information. From time to time, Licensor may request
information regarding Licensee's use of the Licensed Materials, Licensee's
compliance with Ed-Fi XML schema, Licensee's commercialization of any Derivative
Works and/or Licensee's compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Licensee
agrees to provide responses to Licensor in reasonable detail and in a timely
manner. During the term of this Agreement, Licensee agrees to keep documentation
regarding Licensee's use of the Licensed Materials and Derivative Works to the
extent necessary to verify that such use is a Permitted Use. Upon fifteen (15)
days prior written notice by Licensor, Licensee agrees to permit such
documentation to be examined from time to time but not more frequently than
annually by Licensor, such examination to be made at the expense of Licensor by
an auditor appointed by Licensor. In addition, Licensee shall obtain such audit
rights for Licensor for each sublicensee of Licensee.

3.8 No Support. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement does not
obligate Licensor to provide Licensee support of any kind in connection with
Licensee's use of the Licensed Materials; and Licensor hereby expressly
disclaims every such obligation, if ever any, however arising, and Licensor
shall not be required to provide support or have any other continuing
obligation, whatsoever, regarding the Licensed Materials.

3.9 Brand and Trademark Rights. Licensee agrees that, any use of the Licensed
Marks by Licensee shall only be used in connection with the Licensed Materials
and shall be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions set forth on
the attached Exhibit B (the “Brand and Trademark License”). Licensee
acknowledges that, except for the limited rights set forth in the Brand and
Trademark License, it will acquire no rights in the Licensed Marks pursuant to
this Agreement as such marks are and shall remain the exclusive property of
Licensor or their respective owners. Except as set forth in the Brand and
Trademark License, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as
conferring any right to use the Licensed Marks in Licensee's advertising,
publicity or other promotional activities without Licensor's express written
approval.

3.10 No Personal Information. The Parties agree that Licensor cannot access or
collect personally identifiable information through the Licensed Materials or
any systems, dashboards or other derivatives developed by the Licensee.

## 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

4.1 Licensor's Ownership of the Licensed Marks. Licensee acknowledges Licensor's
exclusive right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Marks and
acknowledges that nothing herein shall be construed to accord to Licensee any
rights in the Licensed Marks except as otherwise expressly so provided. Licensee
acknowledges that its use of the Licensed Marks hereunder will not create in it
any right, title or interest in the Licensed Marks other than the limited
license rights granted herein and that all such use of the Licensed Marks and
the goodwill generated thereby will inure to the benefit of Licensor. Licensee
warrants and represents that (a) it will not at any time challenge Licensor's
right, title, or interest in the Licensed Marks or the validity the Licensed
Marks or any registration thereof; (b) it will not do or cause to be done or
omit to do anything, the doing, causing, or omitting of which would contest or
in any way impair or tend to impair the rights of Licensor in the Licensed
Marks; (c) it will not represent that it has any ownership in or rights with
respect to the Licensed Marks; and (d) it will not, either during or subsequent
to the term of this Agreement, use any certification mark, trademark, service
mark, trade name, insignia or logo that is confusingly similar to or a colorable
imitation of the Licensed Marks or any of Licensor's other marks.

4.2 Representations of Licensee. Licensee represents and warrants that (a) if it
is an entity, it is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of organization; (b) Licensee has taken all actions that are
necessary or advisable in order for it to enter into this Agreement; (c) the
person accepting this Agreement on behalf of Licensee is authorized to do so;
(d) the Agreement, upon its acceptance by Licensee (and assuming due execution
by the Licensor) shall be the binding obligation of Licensee, enforceable in
accordance with its terms; and (e) Licensee will at all times comply with all
laws, regulations, ordinances, rules and orders that are applicable to it in
connection with the operation of its business generally.

## 5. WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

5.1 Disclaimer of Warranty. LICENSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT
ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY LAW CANNOT BE VALIDLY DISCLAIMED. THE LICENSED
MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO
THE SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH THE LICENSEE.
LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THE LICENSEE'S USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS WILL BE
ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, VIRUS-FREE, OR SECURE. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT
HAS RELIED ON NO WARRANTIES FROM LICENSOR. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION SHALL
SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT, EMPLOYEE OR OTHER PERSON IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY MODIFICATIONS TO THIS
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

5.2 Exclusion on Damages. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,
WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR
TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE
OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM
OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING REFLECTS THE ALLOCATION OF
RISK SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT LICENSOR WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO
THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY, AND LICENSEE AGREES
THAT THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

## 6. INDEMNIFICATION

6.1 General Indemnification. To the extent permitted by law, Licensee will
indemnify, defend and hold Licensor and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates,
and their officers, directors, employees, representatives, and agents
(“Indemnities”) harmless from and against any and all demands, damages, losses,
liabilities, costs or expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees)
from and against any and all claims that directly or indirectly relate to (a)
Licensee's use of Licensed Materials or distribution of Derivative Works, (b)
allegations of patent, copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights
infringement resulting from Licensee's use of the Licensed Materials and any
Derivative Works, (c) any of Licensee's activities in connection with the
Licensed Materials which are not expressly authorized herein, and (d) any
reduction or loss of Licensor's copyright or other proprietary rights
protections for any portion of the Licensed Materials because of Licensee's
substitution of Licensee's copyright notice or other legend for Licensor's or
Licensee's other activities; and Licensee agrees to pay in all such cases the
costs, including attorneys' fees, of defending against them. Licensee's
obligation to indemnify will apply regardless of whether the damage, loss,
liability, cost or expense in question arises in whole or in part from any
negligent act or omission of an indemnified person or entity, from strict
liability in tort of an indemnified person or entity, or otherwise.

6.2 Privacy; Compliance with Law. The Licensed Materials contain features and
functionality that may allow Licensee to collect data from, control, or monitor
personal, private or confidential information. Licensee will indemnify, defend
and hold the Indemnities harmless from and against any and all demands, damages,
losses, liabilities, costs or expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys' fees) from and against any and all claims that directly or indirectly
relate to Licensee's collection, transmission, storage or use of such
information. Licensee shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and
regulations in all activities relating to the License Materials and Derivative
Works, including, without limitation, compliance with any applicable data
privacy laws or regulations.

## 7. TERM AND TERMINATION

7.1 Term and Termination. The Agreement shall enter into force on the Effective
Date, and shall remain in force throughout the duration of any and all
copyrights in the Licensed Materials.

7.2 Termination for Convenience. Either party may terminate this Agreement at
any time upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other party.

7.3 Termination for Default. If Licensee defaults in the performance of its
obligations hereunder and if any such default is not corrected within 30 days
after receipt of Licensor's written notice of default, then Licensor may, at its
option and in addition to any other remedies it may have, terminate this
Agreement by giving written notice of termination to Licensee.

7.4 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination, Licensee will return or
destroy all copies of the Licensed Materials and shall stop accessing any links
included within the Licensed Materials within five days after the effective date
of such termination. If requested by Licensor, an officer of Licensee shall
provide a certificate to Licensor, within three days of a written request
therefore, certifying under oath that all such copies have been returned or
destroyed. Licensee may continue the use of Derivative Works based on software
and source code, but Licensee must remove all references and/or associations
with the Ed-Fi and Licensor names and trademarks.

7.5 Remedies. If Licensee becomes aware of any act or threatened act by any of
its officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives which is or would
be in violation of any of the terms of this Agreement, Licensee shall notify
Licensor immediately and, in cooperation with Licensor, shall take all steps
necessary to remedy any actual or threatened noncompliance to the reasonable
satisfaction of Licensor. This provision shall not in any way limit any of the
remedies otherwise available to Licensor for breach of this Agreement or limit
Licensee's liability for failing to comply with the provisions of this
Agreement. Licensee acknowledges that any violation of this Agreement, including
without limitation any unauthorized use of the Licensed Materials by any person
or entity who receives the Licensed Materials in contravention of the terms of
this Agreement, shall cause irreparable damage to Licensor for which there would
be no adequate remedy at law. In addition, Licensee acknowledges that damages
resulting from such breach would be impossible to ascertain. Licensee therefore
agrees that Licensor shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief if the
provisions of this Agreement are violated.

7.6 Survival. The parties' rights and obligations with respect to the following
Sections shall survive any termination of this Agreement: 1, 3.1, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5,
3.10, 4, 5, 6, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 8, and 9.

## 8. GOVERNING LAW, VENUE AND ARBITRATION

8.1 Governing Law. UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LICENSEE'S STATE LAW, THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED AND ENFORCED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.

8.2 Venue. UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY THE LAW OF LICENSEE'S STATE OR
JURISDICTION, FOR PURPOSES OF INJUNCTIVE RELIEF, LICENSEE HEREBY AGREES TO
SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITH VENUE FOR
STATE CAUSES OF ACTION IN ANY COURT IN TRAVIS COUNTY AND VENUE FOR FEDERAL
ACTIONS IN THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, AUSTIN DIVISION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE
FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT PREVENTS THE LICENSOR FROM PROCEEDING
AGAINST THE LICENSEE IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION. LICENSEE FURTHER AGREES
TO SUBMIT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY CERTIFIED MAIL, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED AND
AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL BE SUFFICIENT TO CONFER IN PERSONAL JURISDICTION
OVER LICENSEE.

8.3 Arbitration. With the exception of claims for injunctive relief, the parties
mutually consent to the resolution by arbitration of any and all legal or
equitable claims or disputes between them, including but not limited to, claims
arising out of or in connection with the Licensed Materials or this Agreement.
The parties mutually agree that such arbitration shall be in accordance with the
then-current Commercial Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration
Association before an arbitrator who is licensed to practice law and shall be
conducted in Austin, Texas. One arbitrator shall be used and shall be chosen by
mutual agreement of the parties. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision
and award stating the reasons therefore. The decision and award shall be final
and binding on both parties, their heirs, executors, administrators, successors,
and assigns. It is the intention of the parties that this Agreement shall be
enforceable under the Federal Arbitration Act, the Texas General Arbitration
Act, and at common law. All materials exchanged during discovery in any
arbitration proceeding shall be held in strict confidence by the receiving
party, as will the existence and nature of the arbitration itself. The
prevailing party in arbitration may, at the arbitrator's sole discretion, be
awarded attorneys' fees, the arbitration filing fee and the costs and expenses
of the arbitrator.

## 9. GENERAL

9.1 No Partnership or Joint Venture. Except as otherwise may be expressly
provided in this Agreement, Licensee shall not be construed to be and shall not
represent itself as an agent of Licensor. The parties are independent
contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or
franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
Neither party shall make any warranties or representations on behalf of the
other party.

9.2 Waivers. Failure of either party to insist upon strict performance of the
terms, conditions, and provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver
of such terms, conditions, or provisions or a waiver of future compliance with
them. No waiver of any terms, conditions, or provisions shall be deemed to have
been made unless expressed in writing and signed by the waiving party.

9.3 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned or transferred to any third
party, or to any affiliate, successor, or assign of Licensee without Licensor's
prior written consent. Licensor may assign this Agreement to any third party, or
to an affiliate, successor, or assign.

9.4 Entire Understanding. This Agreement replaces any and all understandings,
whether oral or written, that may have existed between Licensor and Licensee and
represents the entire understanding of the parties regarding the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or rescinded except by a
written agreement executed by both parties.

9.5 Notices. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement and all
requests for approvals, consents, and waivers must be in writing and must be
delivered by a method providing for proof of delivery. Any notice or request
will be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. All written notices
and other communications relating to this Agreement will be deemed to have been
duly delivered if sent by First Class mail to: the address given above for
Licensee or, for Licensor, to P.O. Box 161508, Austin, Texas, 78716.

9.6 Severability; Headings. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
will be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is found to violate a
law, it will be severed from the rest of the agreement and the remaining
provisions will continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in
any way. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit,
construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.

# EXHIBIT A - # LICENSEE'S NOTICE

* Title of Derivative Work:
* Date of Intended Product Availability or Commercialization:
* Description of Derivative Work:
* Final or Preliminary Audience for Derivative Work:

# EXHIBIT B - BRAND AND TRADEMARK LICENSE

In addition to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, the terms
and conditions set forth in this Exhibit shall govern any and all use of the
Licensed Marks identified by Licensee in its Brand and Trademark Guidelines.

## 1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

1.1 License. Subject to Licensee's compliance with the terms, conditions and
provisions hereof, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
revocable, non-transferable, royalty-free license for the term of the Agreement
to use the Licensed Marks in connection with the use and promotion of the Ed-Fi
Solution. Except for the limited license rights granted herein, Licensor
reserves to itself all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Marks.

## 2. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS AND LIMITATIONS.

The licenses granted pursuant to Section 1.1 above are granted subject to the
following requirements and limitations:

2.1 All Websites Registered. So long as this Agreement remains in effect,
Licensee shall, upon Licensor's reasonable request, provide Licensor with a list
of all websites owned or operated by Licensee on which the Licensed Marks are
displayed.

2.2 Compliance with Brand and Trademark Guidelines. Licensee shall comply with
the Brand and Trademark Guidelines. Licensor reserves the right to modify the
Brand and Trademark Guidelines from time to time and will post the current
version of the Brand and Trademark Guidelines on the Licensor's website.
Licensee is solely responsible for keeping itself informed of the current
requirements in the Brand and Trademark Guidelines by reviewing the most current
version from time to time. The Licensor shall inform Licensee of changes to the
Brand and Trademark Guidelines by email. If Licensee does not agree with any
changes to the Brand and Trademark Guidelines, Licensee's sole remedy is to
terminate this Agreement as provided herein.

2.3 Use Only On Licensed Materials. Licensee agrees to use the Licensed Marks
only in connection with its use and promotion of the Licensed Materials.

2.4 Consent to Disclosure and Use of Information Concerning Licensee. Licensee
consents to Licensor's use of Licensee's name in connection with the promotion
of the Ed-Fi Solution. Such disclosures may include, without limitation,
Licensee's name and address and the URL of any websites owned by Licensee using
the Ed-Fi Solution. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensor agrees not to use
the name of any individual employee or elected official of Licensee, and
Licensor shall not state that Licensee supports, endorses, or promotes any
product or service other than the Ed-Fi Solution.

2.5 Certain Geographic or Usage Limitations. In the event Licensor determines
that use of the Licensed Marks may in any particular manner or jurisdiction
violate any applicable laws or regulations, be contrary to public policy or may
subject Licensee or the Licensor to any third party claims, legal proceedings,
governmental investigations or proceedings, penalties or liabilities, Licensee
agrees, upon receipt of notice and request from the Licensor, to promptly cease
and desist from all use of the Licensed Marks in such particular manner or
jurisdiction.

2.6 Control. Licensor shall have absolute determination and control, in its sole
discretion, over the design, redesign, modification, change, enhancement,
improvement, authorized or unauthorized use, manner and degree of application,
manner and extent of registration, maintenance, protection, enforcement,
ownership, licensing, use and termination of the Licensed Marks and the Brand
and Trademark Guidelines. Licensor reserves the right to inspect the quality of
the products and services provided under the Licensed Marks, upon reasonable
notice, during normal business hours, to ensure that the quality is as required
by this Section.

2.7 Specific Use Restrictions. The licenses granted in Section 1.1 are subject
to the restrictions and obligations of Licensee set forth in this Agreement,
including, without limitation, the following:

  a. Licensee shall not modify, enhance or change the Licensed Marks or combine
  a mark with another mark, or use, adopt or register any marks confusingly
  similar to the Licensed Marks.

  b. Licensee shall not omit portions or use a partial version of any of the
  Licensed Marks.

  c. Licensee shall not use any of the Licensed Marks as a domain name,
  including, without limitation, as a sub-domain name or name of the service or
  company.

  d. Licensee shall not use the Licensed Marks: (i) in any manner that is likely
  to reduce, diminish or damage the goodwill, value or reputation associated
  with the Licensed Marks; (ii) in any manner as would violate the rights of any
  third parties; or (iii) in any manner as would result in any third party claim
  or in any governmental investigation, claim or proceeding alleging unlawful or
  improper use of the Licensed Marks.

2.8 Quality. Licensee shall at all times maintain the highest standards of
appearance and quality. Licensee warrants that its uses of the Licensed Marks
shall be of a nature that is consistent with the high standards of quality and
excellence established by Licensor with respect to the Licensed Marks, and
Licensee agrees to maintain that level of quality.

2.9 Inspection. Licensor and its authorized agents and representatives shall
have the right to inspect Licensee's use of the Licensed Marks from time to time
to determine whether Licensee's use of the Licensed Marks conforms to the
requirements set forth in the Brand and Trademark Guidelines and in this
Agreement.

2.10 Third-Party Infringement. Licensee will promptly notify Licensor if it
becomes aware of any infringement of the Licensed Marks by a third party.
Licensee shall have neither the right nor the obligation to prosecute any
infringement claims against third-party infringers.

2.11 Use of the Licensed Marks. Nothing in this Agreement gives Licensee the
right or license to use the Licensed Marks apart from the marks as shown in the
Brand and Trademark Guidelines. Any use of such mark or marks shall occur only
if and to the extent permitted by the Brand and Trademark Guidelines or a
separate agreement between Licensee and Licensor. Licensee shall not use
Licensed Marks except as permitted therein.

2.12 Noncompliance. Licensee shall immediately and at its sole cost and expense
correct any usage of the Licensed Marks that the Licensor regards as failing to
comply with the requirements of this Agreement or the Brand and Trademark
Guidelines.

2.13 Change in Licensed Marks. Licensee reserves the right to change the
materials comprising the Licensed Marks at any time by revising its Brand and
Trademark Guidelines. In the event of such a change, Licensee will make
reasonable efforts to notify Licensor of the change and provide Licensor a
reasonable time frame to comply with the new Brand and Trademark Guidelines.

## 3. LICENSE FEES AND ROYALTIES.

3.1 License Fees. The licenses granted hereunder are fully paid and without
royalty.

## 4. LICENSOR OWNERSHIP OF THE LICENSED MARKS.

4.1 Licensor Ownership of the Licensed Marks. Licensee acknowledges Licensor's
exclusive right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Marks and
acknowledges that nothing herein shall be construed to accord to Licensee any
rights in the Licensed Marks except as otherwise expressly so provided. Licensee
acknowledges that its use of the Licensed Marks hereunder will not create in it
any right, title or interest in the Licensed Marks other than the limited
license rights granted herein and that all such use of the Licensed Marks and
the goodwill generated thereby will inure to the benefit of Licensor. Licensee
warrants and represents that (a) it will not at any time challenge Licensor's
right, title, or interest in the Licensed Marks or the validity the Licensed
Marks or any registration thereof; (b) it will not do or cause to be done or
omit to do anything, the doing, causing, or omitting of which would contest or
in any way impair or tend to impair the rights of Licensor in the Licensed
Marks; (c) it will not represent that it has any ownership in or rights with
respect to the Licensed Marks; and (d) it will not, either during or subsequent
to the term of this Agreement, use any certification mark, trademark, service
mark, trade name, insignia or logo that is confusingly similar to or a colorable
imitation of the Licensed Marks or any of Licensor's other marks.
